♪ ♪
No, no, you can't
tell me that, man.
Well, you would've
done the same thing
if Mrs. Charlie Baudelaire
had asked you.
No, I would not.
Okay, just walk me through
it, okay? So, she's...
She's in the pool,
and she says what,
to just,
"Come get in with me?"
She said she's all wet
in there, and I'm so dry.
Would I care to join
her for some laps?
Well, that's, um...
That's a what-you-call-it...
That's a, a, a euphemism.
And I politely tell her that
I didn't bring my trunks,
and just like that, her maid's
bringing a pair of surf trunks
belonging
to the big guy.
So, I excuse myself,
go to the john,
no idea how I got myself
into this predicament,
and when I'm about
to slip them on,
I notice they
got built-ins.
What? The fuck
is a built-in?
What, you mean-- (laughs)
The stringy, meshy-- (laughs)
No!
-You did not wear those.
-What was I gonna do?
You cut 'em out!
You're basically sharing
very intimate space
with another man's junk.
I'm not cutting Charlie
Baudelaire's surf trunks.
His favorite, she says.
Okay, well...
put your underwear
in between you and the trunks.
I didn't think
about that.
What I thought was the man's
got a washing machine.
A washing machine?
You're telling me if you go
in with some forensic
CSI-type shit,
you're not gonna find
some leftover dead skin,
-or some skanky old scrotal--
-Okay, enough!
♪ ♪
-That his lunch?
-That's sweet.
Wouldn't mind a wife
making me lunch every day.
(shuts door, starts engine)
(car rumbling)
(rattling)
(cocks gun)
(lock rattling)
(clicks)
(shower running)
What the...?
(body thuds)
Who the fuck are you?
(gunshot)
Woman:
Felix?
(woman gasps)
♪ ♪
That's what
I'm trying to tell you.
The, uh, intended kidnap victim
was having an affair
with a neighbor, and he is...
or was a jiu jitsu instructor.
What are the chances?
He overpowered Carl
and I shot him.
No, the jiujitsu instructor.
I know, it took me by surprise
as well, big surprise.
We're still here.
No, nobody heard. If they had,
they would've come by now.
We're safe, it's...
just, well, we got a body
to move and it's daylight.
Uh-huh. I understand.
I do respect your orders.
Not a hair.
(moaning quietly)
She's, uh...
emotionally distressed,
understandably so,
but in no way harmed.
♪ ♪
Did I already
miss her?
A minute ago.
You want breakfast?
No, thank you.
I already ate.
-What time's your appointment?
-Three.
I can pick you up at work.
You know what?
I want to go alone.
Why?
(speaks Spanish)
(ice cubes rattle)
(gasps)
(sighs)
(unzipping)
Man:
Easy.
I'm gonna talk,
you're gonna listen, okay?
Just so we're clear,
the people that we work for
know where you live,
know where Alice goes to school,
know the address
of her teacher Ms. Kennedy,
know your maid Maria's
daily routine,
know your bartending schedule
four times a week.
You understand?
Good. Sit down.
Last night,
you spent some time
with Charlie Baudelaire
in his hotel suite.
Next time you see him,
we need a favor.
Engage Charlie
in a little S&M.
Have him cuffed when we walk
in, we'll take it from there.
We just wanna have a chat
with him, that's all.
How does that
sound to you?
Tell her the best part.
The best part is
you get to walk away,
so does your daughter,
her teacher, and your maid.
You do this for us,
you walk out alive.
You don't, well...
we know where
to find you, right?
Now, do I need to slap
you around a little,
make sure you're grasping
everything I'm telling you?
Do I need to drag
your maid in here, hurt her?
(sighs)
You got nothing to say?
Maria's not my maid.
♪ ♪
-Ms. Kowalski.
-Jett: Ronnie.
-Jett: Thank you.
-You're welcome.
♪ ♪
(elevator dings)
(door opens)
Bennie. Carl.
Sight for
sore eyes.
He's in the sort of mood
only you can fix.
-His wife again?
-What else?
(ice clinking)
(horns honking)
Hmm.
It's scary how you read my mind.
(chuckles)
What's so interesting
out there?
Thinking about my
friend Jacques McCabe.
Works as a tour guide
in the Keys.
That's where you're
originally from, isn't it?
-Gainesville.
-Oh.
Right. I forgot.
A couple months back,
Jacques is driving into
Miami after the weekend.
Gets stuck in traffic.
Uh, some accident or something,
the whole freeway's backed up,
and he's at the off-ramp,
and he gets rear-ended
by this cherry
1971 Ford Pantera.
You're familiar
with the Pantera?
Not to be a girl
about it, but no.
(chuckles)
Frankly, I'm surprised.
Given your line of work,
I would have thought
you'd stolen more than one.
-Former like of work.
-Oh, former.
-Yes.
-Mm-hmm.
The Pantera was exported
to the United States
by the great Italian sports
car manufacturer De Tomaso.
Problem is,
they were so temperamental,
that even the king himself,
allegedly, shot his when it
wouldn't start.
In any case,
Jacques gets rear-ended by one,
gets out of his car,
the owner of the Pantera is
beside himself with grief.
Can't believe he's done this.
So they inspect both cars,
and they realize
that there is
absolutely, positively
no visible damage.
I mean, nothing whatsoever,
not even a scratch.
But then, Pantera guy's wife
gets out of the car,
and she says,
oh, wait a minute.
Nobody moves till
the cops arrive.
We're sticking
to the letter of the law.
-Even though they're the one
who rear-ended your friend?
-Yeah!
So now, they're out there
waiting an hour and a half.
Finally, cop comes.
They explain what happened,
and this cop takes one look
at the Pantera and he says,
"Are you kidding me?
"I'm not even gonna write
this up, it's so dumb.
I suggest you get in your
cars, and you go home."
(cocks gun)
Yesterday,
Jacques is on the phone
with his insurance agent,
and the agent says,
"Hey, do you remember
that guy who rear-ended you
a couple months back?" "Yes."
"Well, 10 minutes
after he got home,
he dropped dead from
a brain hemorrhage."
-No way.
-(scoffs)
Previous condition.
Totally unrelated
freak coincidence.
But that means that this guy,
thanks to his lovely wife,
spends his last hour and a half
waiting for a cop to write
a non-ticket on
a bogus non-accident.
(chuckles)
It's beautiful, right?
I could just put these on you,
take your mind off
such worrisome matters.
(cocks gun)
-Charlie: Who is it?
-Dad? It's me.
All clear.
Come in.
We got 'em.
-Both of them?
-Both of them.
-Dead?
-Dead.
Whoa, whoa.
Save the shoptalk for later.
I don't need
all these details.
-How you doing, Jett?
-Not too bad, Junior.
I'm signing off.
I'm sure you boys need
your family time.
Wait, come here.
What you did tonight
was above and beyond.
I won't forget it.
Don't mention it.
Here. For Alice.
-Buy her something nice to wear.
-You don't need to do that.
Charlie:
All it is, is exactly that,
a gift for your daughter.
Please, take it
as a token of my gratitude.
(elevator dings)
Jett?
My God,
Jett Kowalski. (chuckles)
Um...
You staying here?
In the hotel? No. I'm just...
I'm meeting someone.
Oh, business.
I could ask you the same.
You could.
When'd you get out?
Four months ago.
Good behavior.
Good behavior?
I'm surprised.
But I'm happy to hear that.
You working?
-Part-time, bartending.
-Bartending?
Pouring booze
in a glass for tips.
-You're married?
-No. Full-time.
Cute.
Is that her?
Colleague,
we're, uh, working.
You're not undercover
these days, are you?
-It's really good to see you.
-Hope not.
I mean, unless you're disguised
as an undercover cops.
I'm glad you're out.
That's sweet.
So long, Jackie.
(sign buzzing)
(both moaning)
Jackie? Is that
what she called you?
-(giggling)
-Give it a rest, okay?
No, too glib for me,
but I can see the appeal.
I owe her a lot.
From your undercover days?
That woman is
a world-class thief.
Was she also something
that you had to do
-to protect your cover?
-(chuckles)
Ten years ago... (kisses),
I infiltrated the organization
of a five-star wacko.
Guy named Frank Sweeney,
ever hear of him?
The drug lord? The one who uses
nail guns on his competition?
Jackie:
Jett was new to the crew...
(groans, gasps)
(coughs)
(gasps)
How you feeling,
sweetness?
Jett:
I got a crick in my neck.
Oh, you hear that, Murphy?
Grace under pressure.
Sweeney:
I know what you are, so...
you might as well
get it off your chest.
-What are you talking about?
-I got a plane to catch,
so let's speed
this up, officer.
Talk to me.
Tell me what happened.
Only four of us knew
about Lafayette.
Murphy, Dennon,
Blair, and me.
But you knew, didn't you?
The deal was clean and simple,
now it's compromised.
Your logic is not tracking.
Bring Blair in here.
We'll see what's what.
-Is he your partner?
-Blair: What is this, boss?
-Shoot this piece
of shit for me.
-(sniffs)
-(clicks)
-(grunts, pants)
-(whimpers)
You see that,
Murphy?
Blair:
What's going on?
What'd she do?
Don't worry.
You did good.
You ever smell
flesh burning?
It'll make you puke on yourself
before you start choking,
and then you'll puke
some more, shit yourself.
It's not a dignified
way to go, trust me.
It's the way
a rat should go,
a piece of scum like you.
You give me your contact,
or get ready to go up in flames
like some falafel
fuckhead in a protest.
Your turn.
Ask Murphy where he was
last night.
Ask him why he wasn't
at the safe house.
-What are you saying?
-Ask him about the phone call
he made from the bar.
-(clicks)
-(gasps)
-(nail gun clacking)
-(grunts)
I've known it all along
he was a rat.
Sorry I had to use you
to smoke him out.
Dennon!
Jackie:
That was my name then,
Dennon.
The way she played it,
I didn't have to shoot anyone.
Help her get cleaned up.
We leave in half an hour.
(grunts)
-Murphy wasn't the leak.
-Shh.
Breathe.
-You're in shock.
-It was you.
(panting)
I hate cops,
-but I hate that
son of a bitch worse.
-(snips)
I suggest
you get out of here,
and never let me
see you again.
(moaning)
(gasping)
(panting)
(sighs)
And you never saw
her till today?
I ran into her
a couple of times.
You mean to tell me
you knocked boots
with a known felon, Detective?
She knew who I was
and kept her mouth shut.
Why would she do that,
you think?
I took her advice
and quit undercover.
(sighs) I was clearly not
as good as the job required.
Hmm. And Frank Sweeney?
Ended up a quadriplegic.
-Mystery shooter.
-Saint Jett Kowalski?
Nobody knows.
Her file says
she did a nickel in Jackson.
On a Mickey Mouse
charge,
but they had to get her
on something.
I tell you,
she'd have made
a hell of a cop.
You gotta go.
Jett:
Use both hands.
-You're new, right?
I'm Veronica.
-Hi.
I've seen you here
with your nanny.
That's my son, Miles.
Hi, sweetheart.
What's your name?
-Alice.
-Aren't you just
the sweetest little muppet?
I thought you might
want to join our play group.
Wh-What do you play?
Truth be told,
we play sudoku, but...
it's really just for
the kids to feel safe.
You know, this park sometimes
has some not-so-solid citizens.
Uh, that's Evelyn and Barb.
Barb has the most
adorable husband.
We all tease her
that he must be gay
because he's so freaking
handsome. (chuckles)
But you just moved
here recently, right?
-Yeah.
-Yeah, where did
you live before?
Prison.
(laughs)
(crickets chirping)
Good night, monkey.
(kisses)
Good night, Mom.
-Mom?
-Yes?
Do all monsters
live on the moon?
Most of them.
Mom?
Monkey?
Maria seems a little...
I don't know.
Jett:
That's why
she went to the doctor.
She won't tell me what's wrong.
I'll talk to her.
♪ ♪
-Looks like she's done.
-I wouldn't mind
tucking her in.
Yeah. Hey,
where you going?
I'm gonna take a piss.
You wanna hold it?
Nah, come on.
-(urinating)
-(sighs)
Your piece,
slowly.
(sighs)
On your knees.
Easy.
Your gun.
♪ ♪
Where's Junior?
We left messages.
Maybe he's out.
Jett:
Wanna tell me why two dead
guys are outside my house?
Yes. Let 'em go.
-Let them go?
-They work for my son.
-It was a test.
-What test?
To see
if I could trust you.
(guns clatter)
I have a proposition
for you!
(indistinct chatter)
Bennie:
She's not smiling. Not exactly.
I mean, she's not
ripping it up either.
Charlie: I want you to steal
a ring for me.
-Jett: A ring?
-A ring.
It belongs to a man
I do business with.
Is this what that
test was about?
Former version of yourself,
I would've never doubted.
But prison changes people.
I had to be sure.
I'm sorry.
I get the test part,
but why have them
follow me after?
Yeah, it's a good question.
I'll check with my son.
I'm not going back
to prison, Charlie.
Not for you, not for anyone,
not ever. I quit.
You didn't quit.
You got caught,
there's a big difference.
You do this job,
you'll have enough
to retire with.
I appreciate you coming to me,
and I mean zero disrespect,
but my civilian job pays
for what Alice needs--
They call him the Russian,
but he's not Russian.
He's from one of those
Eastern European countries,
changes names
every five minutes.
The point is,
this bastard has a safe
full of all sorts of shit
I have no interest in whatsoever
and neither should you.
If any of that shit
were to go missing,
this job would be
an official failure.
Epic disaster.
Major repercussions.
The only item in this
man's safe I'm interested in,
the safe I'm proposing
that you pick, is a ring,
about yea big,
worth north of-- Aah.
Never mind
what it's worth, but to you?
It's worth
half a million bucks.
If you need a safe cracked,
why not hire a safecracker?
(chuckles)
Yeah, that's a good point.
You see, it's
not that simple.
This man has
many enemies.
Now, I've been going
around it in my mind,
and I can't think
of a better way
to get into his house,
to get to the safe,
but through the front door.
And that's where you
have the advantage over
any hotshot safecracker.
I'm not saying sleep with him.
It's your prerogative.
And all you want
is this one ring?
(chuckles)
Here's the fun part.
I want you to replace
the ring with a replica
I'm gonna give you.
Now, you do
your job right,
he'll never know.
Jett:
Where is
this Russian man?
Charlie:
He's in Havana.
Havana, Cuba?
Birthplace of rum
and Perez Prado.
What size crew?
Well, there's
the rub.
This guy's very well-connected,
and it's a very small island.
Any kind of crew shows up,
he's gonna know.
No crew. No weapons.
It's gotta be you
plus a safecracker.
So, you want me to go into
a totally unknown situation,
with no backup whatsoever
with some Russian gangster,
-in Cuba?
-You're the only person
that can do this job.
If you don't do it,
it doesn't get done,
and I need this done.
I gotta pick up
my kid at school.
Bennie.
(crickets chirping)
(sighs)
♪ ♪
Only one person I'd even
consider doing this job with,
and he's got three years left
in Atwater.
Charlie (on phone):
If that's who you need,
maybe that can be arranged.
-That can be arranged?
-For a fee,
but if Quinn's the only
person you can do this with...
Jett:
He is,
-and you said if I don't
do it, it doesn't get done.
-(chuckles)
See that? I love
how your mind works.
Let me see what I can do.
Who the fuck are you?
-(gunshot)
-(body thuds)
Bennie:
You ready for this?
♪ ♪
Go ahead.
Chris.
(phone buzzing)
-Hello?
-Bennie: Associate
Warden Dwight Tucker?
-Speaking.
-Don't say a word, just listen.
Woman:
Honey?
-Tucker: Rosalie?
-I'm okay. (sobs)
Just do
what they say.
We won't touch her
if you do as we say.
-Tucker: Who are you?
-I can be your best friend
or your worst nightmare.
It's up to you.
There's an inmate
named Rufus Quinton.
You're gonna trade him
for your wife.
You have today to figure it out.
Tomorrow, we make the trade.
I will call you
at 7:00 a.m. sharp.
If you contact anyone,
I personally guarantee
I will personally sodomize
your wife every hour,
on the hour, chop her up,
and mail you the body parts.
-(Rosalie sobbing)
-(line clicks)
How's it hanging,
Tucker?
(sobbing)
That was just for effect.
Put it out of your mind.
-If your husband loves you...
-(sobs)
...he'll do as he's told,
and this whole episode will
be an exciting survival story
you share at cocktail parties.
(sobbing)
Except for the part
about the jiujitsu instructor.
What are you doing anyway,
messing around
behind your
husband's back?
(knocking)
Man, he got you good.
(sighs)
You make the call?
How'd it go?
I said "personally" twice
in the same sentence,
so it sounded stupid.
Anyway, I think
he got the message.
How'd it go
at the apartment?
-It's wiped clean.
-And Bruce Lee?
He's in a landfill.
-We're back in business.
-(Rosalie sobbing)
How is she?
Emotional.
♪ ♪
(door buzzes)
Infirmary transfer.
Wrong cell, pal.
If I were you, Quinton,
I'd get up and come with me
now without any questions.
None of that is
very professional.
You keep your
fucking mouth shut.
Let's go.
You gotta admit,
it's a conflict of interest,
you giving me advice.
Do not make me
fucking repeat myself.
Okay.
Don't over react.
♪ ♪
What's the big
mystery-- (grunts)
(panting)
-(thuds)
-Tucker: Wear it.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Bennie:
The thing
about the cops is
they're not really good
at keeping things quiet.
You understand?
That's why it's key you don't
tell them what we look like.
In theory, it seems like that
would benefit you, but in...
in practice, they would make
such a mess of looking into it
that we'd hear about it,
and then we'd have no choice
but to--
Rosalie:
I will never tell a soul
what you look like.
That's really
the right thing to do.
You know, even though
it's counterintuitive.
I know you're
scared right now,
but it's really important that
you don't forget to breathe.
(inhales, exhales)
(vehicle approaches)
Here we go.
♪ ♪
Good luck.
-Oh God.
-Bennie: Quinn.
-Bennie?
-(crying)
(starts car)
(gunshots echo)
It's okay, it's okay.
It's just the tires.
(tires screeching)
♪ ♪
(tires squealing)
Was that great shooting,
or was that great shooting?
-Living the dream.
-You can write that down!
Anybody mind
bringing me up to speed?
-We're on a need-to-know basis.
-I tell you what I do know.
I would not wanna be that
chick's therapist right now.
It ain't much,
but this'll be home
for a little while.
-You'd be surprised
what I'm used to.
-(chuckles)
-Got this for you.
-Thanks.
-And this old thing?
-Junior will explain.
You won't need this,
but just in case.
It's clean.
Appreciate it.
(groans)
(sighs)
(knocking on door)
Who is it?
Junior:
It's me, Charles Junior.
I don't wanna come across
as ungrateful, but...
you could've asked me about
the job before getting me out.
It wasn't my idea.
It was my old man's,
and Jett.
And what's
she got to do
with this?
Oh. (chuckles)
Well, I don't feel comfortable
-being the one telling you--
-Telling me what?
You better just
let her explain.
-I'm here strictly on business.
-And what is our business?
How long would it take
for you to crack that?
No tools, no drilling.
-Ten minutes.
-No kidding?
(chuckles)
You're that good,
even after
all this time?
Well, for your
trip abroad.
Jett will fill you in
on the rest.
-Junior.
-Charles Junior.
Charles Junior.
Since when do Jett and your dad
come up with ideas together?
-Don't ask me that.
-I'm asking you.
Well, all I can tell you is...
the first time it happened,
the old man said that it was
hands down the greatest
two days of fucking
in his entire life.
Take care, Quinton.
(door opens, closes)
♪ ♪
Hold your ground.
Don't let him use
his looks to distract you.
You sound like
a fortune cookie.
(speaks Spanish)
Do I sound nervous?
No.
I'm not that nervous.
Here's my advice.
Unless you plan on having
a long conversation before,
go with green.
(knocking on door)
Jett:
It's me.
Are you
with Charlie?
Choose wisely.
You wanna talk
before or after?
♪ ♪
(clicking)
Junior says that you're
the old man's number one.
Junior's got a lot of time
to think about things.
(clicks)
That a number?
That's the first one.
So it's true?
What is?
Charlie's always
been there for me.
Sent money for Alice
while I was inside.
Once in a while, he needs
a little break from the wife,
and I keep him company.
-(clicks)
-That's the second one.
Charity then?
I forgot talking to you
was like trying to solve
a fucking puzzle.
I'm only trying
to get up to speed.
No, you're not.
You want the gory details,
so you can obsess
about them.
Quinn:
You're right. I'm sorry.
I'm right?
I mean, you did
what you had to do.
You gave me back
three years of my life.
Thank you.
I hated every minute
in that God damn place.
(clicks)
-What's the time?
-Just under seven.
I can do better.
You know how many times you said
"you're right" to me before?
I'm not trying to make
it a habit either.
You wanna tell me about this
deal you made with Charlie?
(jet engine roaring)
♪ ♪
♪ Well, just got back ♪
-♪ Been gone too long ♪
-(whistles)
♪ Wasn't my idea,
didn't pull the trigger ♪
♪ Oh, oh, no ♪
♪ I'm just so glad ♪
♪ I'm just so glad
to be back home ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I just got back ♪
♪ Been a long, long time ♪
♪ Wasn't my idea,
didn't pull the finger ♪
♪ Oh, oh, no ♪
♪ I'm just so glad ♪
♪ I'm just so glad
to be back home ♪
♪ No, no, no, no ♪
♪ No, no, no, no, woo ♪
♪ I'm just so glad... ♪
(birds twittering)
(voices chattering outside)
(chuckles)
♪ ♪
(laughter)
What?
He's here.
Don't turn around.
-He's with a man
and two women.
-What are they like?
The man's very talkative.
The women are young.
The Russian
looks bored.
Do me a favor.
Don't watch.
♪ ♪
I couldn't help but notice
you having dinner over there.
So, I was wondering,
do you not trust that your
drink will make it intact
from the bar
to the table?
Are you a spy
for the hotel?
If I was, I could
not tell you.
But you can
keep a secret.
It depends.
I'm taking a break
from the world's
most boring dinner.
-Are you on your honeymoon?
-(scoffs) That would be
unbearable.
Yeah? Why is that?
The friend I came with,
he isn't exactly, uh...
He plays for the other team,
if you know what I mean.
-Are you American?
-I could be.
You Americans always say,
"you know what I mean."
Why is that?
Maybe because we're
hard to understand.
I'm Maggie.
Miljan Bestic.
Miljan, is that Polish?
Close.
Maggie,
let me buy you
another drink.
Well, I'd like that,
but I can't leave
my friend alone
for too much longer.
(sighs)
Let me buy your boring
friend a drink, too.
♪ ♪
So, what brings
you to Havana?
-Ask him.
-Ava Gardner.
Ava Gardner?
Isn't she dead?
Not when we're
through with her.
-She'll be as alive
as you or me.
-Oh, you must forgive Maggie.
That's how actresses speak
when somebody doesn't
write their lines.
Spoken like a true writer.
-Oh, you're a writer?
-He writes movies.
-Anything that I would know?
-(Jett chuckles)
-I'm sorry.
-What are you doing?
-What do you think I'm doing?
-You're drunk.
Hardly. I've had two drinks.
(sighs)
I apologize for my behavior.
In truth, William has
reason to be offended.
-Oh, here we go.
-Jett: See,
in Hollywood, lots of times,
writers get hired
to write movies that,
for one reason or another...
-Usually another.
-...never get made,
and you can have quite
a lucrative career doing that.
-But you do develop a slightly--
-Cynical?
Off-putting air of
bitterness about everything.
That's Hollywood for you.
Another day, another indignity.
So, you are
an actress?
I am.
You like American
nighttime soaps, Milton?
Miljan.
-I'm not very
familiar with them.
-Hmm.
I'm sorry.
Whatever booze they put
in this rum
is no joke.
-Just have one
more round with us.
-I'm going to sleep.
I trust you will release Maggie
from your grip at a decent hour?
We have much to do tomorrow.
Of course.
(sighs)
(knocking on door)
(door opens)
-Did I wake you?
-No.
He wants to have
dinner tomorrow.
Some little
family restaurant.
How's that work?
You'll know where
I am at all times.
-May I come in?
-What about your rule?
-What rule?
-The no-sex-on-the-job rule.
First off, it's not a rule.
And second,
who said anything about sex?
So, you just wanna
sleep together?
No funny business?
I'm warning you.
I sleep naked.
You learn that in the clink?
Jett: She met him
at the Havana Hilton.
This is 1959, maybe '60.
Now, she thought Fidel made
a whole bunch of sense.
You know,
she asked him flat out
if it was true that
he hated Americans.
And what did he say?
That he found Americans
to be very sympathetic.
He only hated
Richard Nixon.
It's gonna be
a great scene, right?
Mm.
(sighs)
Little family restaurant, huh?
You should see the family.
(laughs)
Tell me something,
Miljan Bestic,
-are you married?
-Not anymore.
Why?
I'm not looking for trouble.
Be honest with me.
Do you have a girlfriend?
There are a couple
of women that I date.
Are they over 18?
(chuckles)
I hope so.
I'm fairly sure.
How about kids?
Never found the time.
-You?
-Nope.
I always thought
I'd have a little girl
and name her after
my grandmother.
What was her name?
Grandma.
Her name was Grandma.
-(laughs)
-(sighs)
I wanna see where you live.
♪ ♪
(groans)
(sighs)
One armed guard,
each gate, front and back.
Twenty-second drive
from the main gate
to the front door.
Entry way. Kitchen
off to the side.
Good view of the courtyard.
Outside lights run on
a switch, not timer.
Three, here, here, here.
This one is out.
Courtyard leads to a pool
or maybe a fountain,
I'm not sure.
Bathroom is here. Small window.
You can fit, but I like
the kitchen better.
Master bedroom is up the stairs,
to the right, right here.
Safe is either here or here.
-Quinn: Staff?
-Jett: They leave by 10:00.
You sure there
are no cameras?
Jett:
None. It's 1959 all the way.
-We're one man short.
-At least.
What's over here?
Jett:
Residential street,
not particularly well lit.
I need the garden lights
out for 30 seconds,
-and him out of the bedroom
seven minutes after that.
-I'll give you 10.
-Quinn: When?
-I had a tummy ache.
Promised I'd make it up
to him tomorrow night.
(gate creeks)
(speaking Spanish)
(speaks Spanish)
(clock ticking)
(speaking Spanish)
♪ ♪
Because you can tell
a lot about a man
by what he has
in his fridge.
We are what we eat.
Hm, some eggs.
Lettuce, okay.
Tomatoes, good, good.
Very healthy, a little boring.
I was expecting
a lot more red meat.
Stop driving
me crazy.
(giggling)
Wait, wait, wait,
I wanna check the freezer.
Make sure there's not
a human hand or something!
You're not wearing anything
under that dress, are you?
(sighs)
I hate panty lines.
♪ ♪
(sighs)
You know, there's something
that I've always wondered about.
Hmm?
In movies, actors
kiss all the time.
So, what's that difference
between that kiss,
and a real life kiss?
-You really can't tell?
-(laughs)
(chuckles)
Here's a movie kiss.
And here's a real kiss.
♪ ♪
(voices chattering)
(clicks)
-(Jett giggling)
-Bestic: This is
a very important room.
Jett: Wait, wait.
What's down that hallway?
(conversation continues
indistinctly)
(clicks)
-(Miljan speaking indistinctly)
-(Jett giggling)
Bestic:
Do you know who
Jean Tinguely was?
-An ex-lover of yours?
-Bestic: No.
-(Jett giggles)
-Tinguely was
a great Swiss artist.
He was a...
He was a sculptor.
He developed something
called metamechanics.
-In 1960,
he built a machine...
-Mm-hmm.
whose only purpose
was to destroy itself.
-What do you
think about that?
-I don't know.
I think it was a very
courageous act.
I, too, one day would
like to build a machine
whose only point
is to self-destruct.
♪ ♪
Let's take this off.
Come to bed.
You take all of your
girlfriends there.
Take me
somewhere else.
(chuckling)
(clicks)
(lock clunks)
♪ ♪
-(radio playing)
-(walkie-talkie static, chatter)
(man speaking Spanish)
♪ ♪
Thanks for a great night.
You are a true gentleman.
May I call you later?
(chuckles)
I'd be offended if you don't.
(vacuum whirring)
-Are you okay?
-What are you doing?
-Did he hurt you?
-No, I'm fine.
I packed your bags.
Let's go.
-Now? But our flight is--
-I changed it.
Fill you in on the way.
Let's go.
-Really? I'm pretty beat.
-I'm sure.
Is that what this is about?
You're jealous?
♪ ♪
I-I just don't remember
the part where you and I
declared
our everlasting vows
to each other, so for you
to suddenly develop this
unprofessional degree--
Quinn:
I would've taken the job, too.
It was a smart play.
Look, I'm not holding any of it
against you, seriously.
But there's
something wrong here.
Bestic and Junior
know each other.
There were blackmail photos
in the safe.
Junior and boy toys, Junior
and dead boy toys. I mean,
-really nasty stuff, Daisy.
-Wait, hold on.
You're going way
too fast for me.
(tires screech)
(indistinct shouting)
Wait, wait.
Hey, hey, hey!
Don't you put your hands on her!
Hey!
-(whimpers)
-Get your hands off her!
Daisy!
(Jett exhales)
-(waves washing ashore)
-(exhaling)
(exhales)
(breathing heavily)
(sighs)
Will you look at that?
Classic paradox.
The mind says no,
but the body says go.
Like an Ava Gardner movie.
Isn't that fascinating?
Endlessly.
William, the bitter
screenwriter, could write
a great scene of
this for your movie.
-Where is he?
-I wouldn't worry
about Mr. Quinton.
-Where is he?
-Dead.
Where is he?
I told you.
For your sake, you better
not have touched him.
I'm touching you...
and it doesn't seem
there's anything
you can do about
that, does it?
Who do you work for,
Daisy M. Kowalski?
Nobody.
(whistles)
Your parents, Fitzgerald fans
or Walt Disney's?
Let's switch
subjects.
Who do you work for?
I told you.
Nobody.
Fair enough.
Bring him in!
(dogs barking)
(grunting)
Thieves come into my
house to steal from me.
But when I ask them
a simple question,
they refuse to answer.
Disney.
You know how I know?
Because you named
your daughter...
Alice.
Daisy Duck,
Alice in Wonderland.
Am I right?
-(cocks gun)
-Jett: Please don't.
I'll tell you whatever
you wanna know.
Oh, I know.
Please don't hurt him.
Who do you work for?
Charlie.
-Charlie Baudelaire.
-Wrong answer.
-(gunshot)
-(yells)
-(dogs barking)
-(body thuds)
♪ ♪
(Bestic speaking Spanish)
I know how
you feel,
but life is like
this sometimes.
He was
an escaped convict,
wanted by the authorities,
of no use to me.
Like a wounded animal
who no longer
has a purpose.
You, on the other hand...
are a pet
with a new master.
There's no need
for me to threaten
your daughter's
life, now.
You know that I will kill her
if you do not do as I say.
You will return home.
You will not mention
a word of this.
You will collect the money
from Charlie, and you will
await my instructions.
♪ ♪
My question was simple.
Who do you work for?
-And the right answer, Jett...
-(gasps)
is that as of today,
you work for me.
♪ ♪
♪ (TENSE MUSIC PLAYS) ♪
You know the consequences
if you don't do as you're told.
-(DISTANT SCREAM)
-(FAINT GUNSHOT)
JETT: We're gonna do this
without firing any bullets.
-MAN: Seriously?
-Seriously.
-(TASER BUZZES)
-Do what I tell you,
and I'll get you out of this
without a scratch.
♪ (MUSIC INTENSIFIES) ♪
(EXPLOSION)
Everything go all right?
Why wouldn't it?
♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪
So, you want me to go
into a totally unknown situation
with no backup whatsoever,
with some Russian gangster
in Cuba?
You're the only person
that can do this job.
If you don't do it,
it doesn't get done,
and I need this done.
♪ (MUSIC PLAYS) ♪
My very simple idea with Jett
was why couldn't you have
this character, who is a--
who is a natural born thief?
She is a criminal,
she's excellent at what she does
and that's all she's ever wanted
to do.
And my idea was,
"What if Carla Gugino
played that character?"
Where you find us,
the beginning of this season,
she's just gotten out
of prison.
She's trying to figure out
how to live a straight life.
She ultimately takes this job
with Charlie
knowing that it gives her
the opportunity to spring
her ex-partner and lover,
Quinn, out of prison.
CARLA GUGINO:
If she'd ever consider anyone
the love of her life,
and I don't know that she would,
but if she did,
it would probably be Quinn.
-(PLANE WHIRS)
-(WHISTLES)
The job that she has to do,
which is to go into Cuba,
with very little backup,
to steal this precious ring
out of a safe,
happens to be in a place
where she can't do
a lot of recon,
and this puts her
at a disadvantage.
Yeah, the end
of the first episode,
Jett is in completely
unfamiliar terrain.
Something has gone wrong
in the heist,
and that's not unfamiliar,
and it's simply the...
ability to improvise
or fix these problems that
really makes the master criminal
the master criminal.
QUINN:
Don't you put her hands on her!
For the first time in her life,
she has this outside presence
who is now going to be
the puppet master
and call the shots for her.
Because you named
your daughter... Alice.
The fact that he knows
all about Alice,
and he murdered Quinn
in front of her...
-(GUNSHOT)
-...is her worst nightmare.
Two very worthy adversaries
are created
at the end of episode one.
MILAN BESTIC:
Who do you work for?
And the right answer, Jett...
You work for me.
♪ (MUSIC INTENSIFIES) ♪
♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪